MACHO WHIMSYSeveral objects will be left around the stage which may be interacted with during the course of the show.  These objects will be:¥ egg timers (5+)¥ alarm clocks (3+)¥ refrigeration stocked with drinkThe set:¥ a sign saying "Caution: Trap Door" in front of open trap door. ¥ a sign saying "Frodus has safely performed 1,660 for days"¥ Hall of Lumberjacks?¥ Applause sign¥ Couch, stage center¥ Wings (flats) painted a nice color¥ Painted floorNOTE: all props are in bold.Act I (30 min)Ten minute talkM, S and J are on stools. N sets up graphs and charts while M/S/J give "talk" to be written by Matt. N also controls the volcano and the remote control bison.. do premeire the applause sign during the talk? at the end, the bison drives into the trap door. We announce "L&G there will be two intermissions tonight.  And now...Macho Whimsy." Lights out. (10)False Start #1Lights out except spot or flashlight on days-worked-safely board.  S walks halfway across stage with bowling ball, drops on foot.  N changes "1660" cards to "0" card.  (2)False Start #2With a big trumpet fanfare, John enters.  John starts: "I..." then realizes he has no pants on.  "oh shit..." and leaves.  Lights out quick. (2)False Start #3Neal Walsh is the man who can squeeze himself into a bottle.  Lights on when Matt announces this, then Neal trys to squeeze into the bottle in the dark.  He fails.  The bottle is knocked off the table and down the trap door and smashes in the basement.  Lights on.  Matt: "Nevermind!" (3)Rainy Sewer BluesJohn reads the RSB with possible musical accompaniment. (4)Frodus Stand-insWe all put bags over our heads and walk around slowly.  We walk out the front door. Stand-ins walk in from front door.  Stand-ins walk into bathroom.  We walk in from backstage.  We walk into bathroom.  Stand-ins walk from bathroom.  Etc.  This ends simply with stand-ins leaving bathroom as we leave backstage and all 8 are onstage.  The stand-ins then leave and we are left alone to deal with the rest of the show. (4)Another ThingWe should really have another thing here.  It would help the flow, if you know what I mean.  (5)Another Spoken Word ThingThis will be another great spoken word thing.  (5)Intermission #1 (10 min)Martini StandLights up.  Martini stand is set up (outside?) during pervious great spoken word thing.  We serve martinis for $2.Act 2 (32 min)Another ThingWe should really have another thing here.  It may require some props. Perhaps another false start? Maybe this is two things?  More? (4)Another ThingWe should really have another slightly longer thing here.  It may require more props. (5)Long abstract ThingHow about a long abstract thing here? It may require some props. (10)Short relief from long abstract thingIf we have a short, warm, funny thing here it will relieve some of the tensions built up by the long abstract thing.  (2)FINALE? Things that bounce vs. things that splatWe alternately throw round objects from the wings: some bounce, some splat.  We should start with mostly bouncing objects, then a few splat.  By the end, most are splatting. (6)Intermission #2 (22 hrs or so) The second intermission lasts until the next show.  Macho Whinsy is actually one 72 hour show.  